# Social-Media-Application
Pied Piper is a social media application This application is a social networking program that combined 3 ideas from 3 applications on social media platforms
(intsgram-linkedin-facebook).  The name of the application (pied piper) means “the oboe player”, and the name is associated with the basic idea on which the application was built, which is: the ability to publish audio publications for users within the application, the application contains many features such as: The possibility of registering by email and then verifying the email via a verification link that arrives if the registration was made from the application’s website, or a verification code if the registration was made from the Android application. The ability to resend the verification email or change the password if you forget it. The feature of publishing a publication, which contains many services, including: 1- An audio-recorded publication with or without text. 2- Published with text with a background text or without. 3- A post with a selected video, screen recording, or front camera recording, with or without text. 4- Published with one or several images, with or without text. 5- A job search publication or a job opportunity publication is done after entering the necessary information. The feature of commenting on posts with text, a picture, or a dragon. Interact with posts and comments. The feature of deleting or modifying the post or comment. The feature to share/unshare a post and the feature to save/unsave a post. The feature of adding friends and searching for them with a search history. The feature of changing the user's image, background and personal information. The feature of adding a story will be automatically deleted after 24 hours. The notifications feature, as it has a window containing all the notifications in the application, in addition to the arrival of notifications in real time. The advantage of creating private or public groups and inviting friends to it or requesting to join groups. Conversation feature with friends so that we can open a chat with any friend. In addition to the features of suggested friends, personal photo archive, post filtering for regular posts, work posts, group posts, mix posts (all posts are normal, work and group posts), the ability to create a report on a post / comment / group / user, and many more features.. 💚 A trial version has been exported to users and uploaded to Google Drive  Apk URL :https://drive.google.com/file/d/11Og7qkM-IKDoNNwlnMs1p_kQ93RlWn_Y/view?usp=sharing For Me I Make The FrontEnd With Flutter Using Bloc State Managment , Models witch is built on OOP Concept , Http and Dio Libraries and The Backend Was built with Laravel FramWork\ Thanks U for Your Time Enjoy !
